Thaaru maaru Thakkali soru!
Podu thakita thakita!
You mereley adapted to the dark... I was born in it
With great power comes great responsibility
WHAT'S IN THE BOX??!
Hakuna matata
May the force be with you
I feel the need... The need for speed!
Do, or do not. There is no try.
My name is Bond, James Bond.
A martini. Shaken, not stirred.
I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.
Luke, I am your father.
Say hello to my little friend!
I'll be back.
Hasta la Vista, baby.
I always tell tell the truth, even when I lie.
Yippie-ki-yay, motherfucker!
Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary.
You bred raptors?
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist.
Every man dies; not every man really lives.
Show me the money!
Ain't no rules says a dog can't play basketball.
Draw me like one of your French girls
What I need is a real, live ghost. That's an oxymoron, Daph.
It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything.
The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club.
You're a wizard, Harry.
I live my life a quarter mile at a time.
What is this? A center for ants?
Even the smallest person can change the course of history.
My precious...
No, I shot him. Bullets and the fall killed him.
Life is not the amount of breaths you take. It’s the moments that take your breath away.
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
Why do we fall sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up.
I have had it with these motherfuckin' snakes on this motherfuckin' plane!
This is Sparta!
TIA This is Africa
Bazinga!
Happiness is only real when shared
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Why so serious?
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
If you’re good at something, never do it for free.
I'm not a big fat panda. I'm THE big fat panda.
Let's put a smile on that face!
It's not about what I want. It's about what's fair!
I am not in danger, I am the danger
Nobody panics when things go “according to plan”. Even if the plan is horrifying!
I love rumors! Facts can be so misleading, but rumors, true or false, are often revealing
Which would be worse, to live a monster or die as a good man?
There's a benefit to losing: You get to learn from your mistakes.
Gentlemen, you had my curiosity, but now you have my attention.
That's what I do: I drink and I know things.
When you stop trying to force the solution, it'll happen on its own.
Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
We accept the love we think we deserve
The people who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the one's who do
A wise man can learn more from his enemies than a fool from his friends.
There's no nobility in poverty.
Proximity to power deludes some into thinking they wield it.
Just remember: if you look in the face of evil, evil's gonna look right back at you.
You don't turn your back on family, Even when they do
People don’t buy stock; it gets sold to them. Don’t ever forget that.
Well, I don't want to survive. I want to live.
It's not magic, it's talent and sweat.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
I am Groot.
Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.
Pain demands to be felt
Come find me when you wake up!
Hardest time to lie to somebody is when they're expecting to be lied to.
Witness me!
A bit of madness is key
I can do this all day!
Tell me... do you bleed? You will!
Unfortunately, we’re all human. Except me, of course.
Break hearts, not promises.
The hardest choices require the strongest wills
The darkest nights produce the brightest stars.
I love you 3000
I laugh in the face of danger
Being brave doesn’t mean you go looking for trouble.
The worst part of having a mental illness is people expect you to behave as if you don't
Following's not really my style.
Dude, you are on fire!
Why have average when you can have extraordinary?
Bruce Lee: My hands are registered as lethal weapons. We get into a fight, I accidentally kill you... I go to jail.
The end is in the beginning and yet you go on.
No amount of money ever bought a second of time.
No one should be immortal, if even one person has to die.
Hell is a teenage girl.
May the odds ever be in your favor.
I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong... but to feel strong.
That's the beauty of argument. When you argue correctly, you're never wrong.
The past can't hurt you anymore, unless you let it.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem. Do you understand?
That there’s some good in this world, Mr. Frodo… and it’s worth fighting for.
